I wrote and illustrated a children's
book it's called the serious goose it
comes out tomorrow all the money I made
from the book goes to Children's
Hospital here in LA and Children
Hospital the book is dedicated to my
little ones Jane and Billy I call my
daughter goose it's her nickname the
book was inspired by that and when I got
a copy last week we set up some hidden
cameras in my office and I read the book
to them and now I will read it to you -
here it is the serious goose hi Bill hi
Jane what's this what's the name of this
book what's it called
that's right Thank You Jane
are you excited tell your face okay you
ready Billy what are you eating Oh an
orange okay all right here we go stop
listen to us and pay attention to the
book and read it okay sorry
you need more oranges okay as soon as I
read the book I'll get you another
orange okay you'll be right back okay
you go get an orange and I'll start
reading the book the serious goose here
it is this is uh
there is nothing silly about this goose
do not even try to be silly around this
excuse you like it already this goose
will not smile at all not even if you
put a chicken on her head nothing even
if you were to dress this goose as a
moose zilch
even if you order a pizza
zilch means zero nothing topped with
delicious
snails no smile this goose means
business serious business no one can
make this goose smile no one
what's that you say you think you can do
it you think you can make this go smile
yeah
there is no way you can make discu--
smile
no one can oh this is a no smiling goose
but go right ahead
look in the mirror and give it a shot
make funny faces let's see what you got
stick out your tongue and make your ears
wiggle act like a monkey this goose will
not giggle cluck like a chicken
move like a cow what are you doing
be doopty be goofy anyway you know how
however you do it it won't be enough
this goose isn't silly this goose is too
tough Gaga googoo gaga what see I hate
to say I told you so but this is exactly
what I knew what happened good try
though you were very funny
most geese would laugh so hard eggs
would be coming out but not this goose
this goose will never ever Oh Oh what is
this Oh Billy what's happening no
something is happening to this goose he
smiled no this can't be
stop being so silly this is a serious
goose
do not make the goose smile oh no this
is terrible
by the power vested in me by the order
of Sirius geese and gooses I hereby
command you to stop amusing this goose
Wow the goose is really giggling he's
happy this is not such a serious goose
after all in fact this seems to be oh ah
silly goose
thanks to you you are a silly kid heel
and a boot he's wearing a heel and a
boot you'll be hearing from our
attorneys be and what camera yeah
there's a camera right there huh hey hi
Billy Wow
so guys all the money that I make from
this book goes to Children's Hospital
where Billy got his heart surgery and
children's hospitals around the country
what do you think about that you like
that filling the serious news well
what's his fault
I am Jimmy Kimmel give back this holiday
season in a fun way by my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and drew it all
of my ma goes to children's hospitals
across the country or watch another
gaming video and don't help kids it's up
to you